Dreaming of you inconsequently sequentially
turning you over in my thoughts.
Wet. Tears. Crying. Drops. Pitfall. Falling. Soaring. Flying. Clouds. Stars.
Rain drops joined together on the windshield, letting go of their surface tension with a gasp. They created an odd pattern that was almost alive as they splayed against the dashboard and my knees. 
It felt weird to be sitting in the passenger seat of my own car.
Their stiff dead bodies are scattered across the rough pavement. Veins void of any moisture, thick with congealed liquid that refuses to be fluid. Skin taut across their thin frames, in desperate need of liquid to rejuvenate the dry, stiff, fabric. Yet if a drop attempted to splash onto the surface and revive the wrinkly, crackly surface, the pigment would seep into the ground, staining the manufactured cement. No tangible traces of the figures would be left besides the shadows imprinted on the ground. As I sigh, an invisible exhale breathes along the ground, pushing the slim outlines across the barren floor. They dig their frail extremities into the ground, grasping for any purchase. Finger tips shrieking and screeching in pain. Trepidatiously, I tiptoe through their scattered corpses, the fallen soldiers. They died in protest, one last hopeless cry against the new age of fabrication and manufacturing.
His voice… When he speaks. So hard. HIS VOICE YELLS when mine trembles. When he speaks he thrusts his manhood upon everyone in the room. SHUT UP. Hairy. Booming. Put that away. No one wants to see that. Can you talk at a normal level of loudness? Please? THIS IS A CLASSROOM NOT A LECTURE HALL. 
Fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you.
Hairy wrinkly penis sound waves. Vibrating.
Yours is deep red
tinted with bloody streaks
I cannot help but savor it's unlikeliness
strip them of the "I"
strip them of the eyes
Fire licked my sides, sending a burning sensation to my core. I almost felt like I could swallow it. But a second later the pain came and I screamed. All my nerves were fried and my eyes started to tear. Smoke clung to my retinas. I wanted, I needed to move but I couldn’t. I called out for help one last time. It swallowed me.
The purple perfume smell of a new beginning. Cut your hair, paint your lips, darken your brows. Chisel new features. Recreate your essense - or just your outer egg shell? Blue speckled, thin, wavering, shaking. New, yet the same "new" that's been happening for centuries.
		Shaky		scribbles		accross the 		universe.				Shaky	scribbles	accross the 	universe. Shaky	scribbles accross the universe.			